README.md, before:

Sparc
===

The first open-source Arma 3/DayZ RCon utility ever created. Bundled with powerful and easy-to-use features.

Key Features
===
- Save your favorite servers and quickly connect to them.
- Connect to **multiple servers simultaneously** through Sparc's server tab system!
- Easy and intuitive lists showing player-, ban- and admins list with a search filter on multiple columns.
- Players are automatically added and removed from the player list upon [dis]connect, no need to refresh.
- Three tabs (All, Chat, Console) to keep track of everything that is happening on the server.
- These three tabs can also be logged to text files and will then be timestamped and appended with the hostname.
- Each chat type is portrayed in a different color so they can be easily distinguished.
- Self-explanatory "Settings" page with extra information displayed on hover.
- Flash the Sparc window either when an admin or your name is called!

***

If you distribute a copy or make a fork of the project, you must credit this project as source.
	
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
 
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.
 
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program.  If not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/ .

***

If you want to contact the project leader: ttg.speed@gmail.com

Copyright © 2015 - Sparc and its contributors (http://goo.gl/mqnPhA)

Sparc is released under the GPL v2

*** 
#Preview
![image](http://i.imgur.com/xMq1MJT.png)

Commit message:

Update README and Sparc version to 0.5.2

README.md, after:

Sparc
===

The first open-source Arma 3/DayZ RCon utility ever created. Bundled with powerful and easy-to-use features.

Key Features
===
- Save your favorite servers and quickly connect to them.
- Connect to **multiple servers simultaneously** through Sparc's server tab system!
- Easy and intuitive lists showing player-, ban- and admins list with a search filter on multiple columns.
- Detect 'Server Hopping', monitors players switching between servers loaded in Sparc and outputs them in the Alerts tab.
- Players are automatically added and removed from the player list upon [dis]connect, no need to refresh.
- Four tabs (All, Chat, Console, Alerts) to keep track of everything that is happening on the server.
- These four tabs can also be logged to text files and will then be timestamped and appended with the hostname.
- Each chat type is portrayed in a different color so they can be easily distinguished.
- Self-explanatory "Settings" page with extra information displayed on hover.
- Flash the Sparc window either when an admin or your name is called!

***

If you distribute a copy or make a fork of the project, you must credit this project as source.
	
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
 
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.
 
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program.  If not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/ .

***

If you want to contact the project leader: ttg.speed@gmail.com

Copyright © 2015 - Sparc and its contributors (http://goo.gl/mqnPhA)

Sparc is released under the GPL v2

*** 
#Preview
![image](http://i.imgur.com/Y5RCXcE.png)
